vminsert: improve slowness-based rerouting trigger condition (#10901)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): improve the [Top Queries](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#top-queries) table UI. Duration columns now display human-readable values (e.g. `1.23s`) instead of raw seconds, memory column shows human-readable sizes (e.g. `1.23 MB`), instant queries are labeled as `instant` instead of empty string, and column headers now show tooltips with descriptions. See [#10790](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/10790).

> * FEATURE: `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): Improve the trigger conditions for slowness-based rerouting to avoid potential rerouting storm. After this change, slowness-based rerouting will only trigger when the slowest 10% of `vmstorage` in cluster are significantly slower than other `vmstorage`, it avoids rerouting in unnecessary situations (e.g. most `vmstorage` nodes are saturated). See [#10876](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10876).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): Improve [slowness-based rerouting](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#slowness-based-re-routing) to prevent rerouting storms under high cluster load. Previously, rerouting could cascade across storage nodes when the whole cluster was saturated, making the situation worse. Now rerouting only activates when the cluster p90 saturation is below 60%, and the slowest node is more than 20% slower than p90. See [#10876](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10876).
```
